docs/TECHNICAL.md, before:

# Technical Reference

## Environment

Python >=3.10, uv or pip. Core deps: torch, numpy, fastapi.

## Modules

### _01_simulator — Game Engine

Deterministic, immutable state. Complete Beasty Bar rules.

| File | Purpose |
|------|---------|
| `state.py` | `Card`, `State`, `initial_state()` |
| `engine.py` | `legal_actions()`, `step()`, `is_terminal()`, `score()` |
| `cards.py` | Species mechanics (12 animals) |
| `action_space.py` | 124-action catalog |
| `observations.py` | 988-dim state encoding |
| `_cython/` | Optional 200x speedup |

### _02_agents — AI Players

| Agent | Purpose |
|-------|---------|
| `random_agent.py` | Baseline |
| `heuristic.py` | Rule-based material evaluation |
| `neural/` | Transformer policy-value network |
| `mcts/` | Tree search (experimental, not used in training) |

### _03_training — PPO Training

| File | Purpose |
|------|---------|
| `trainer.py` | Training orchestrator |
| `game_generator.py` | Self-play with opponent diversity |
| `opponent_pool.py` | Mixed opponent sampling |
| `ppo.py` | Proximal Policy Optimization |
| `evaluation.py` | Win rate with confidence intervals |

## Neural Network

Transformer policy-value network (~1.3M params).

```
Input (988) → Zone Encoders → Fusion → Policy (124) + Value [-1,1]
```

**Observation (988 dims):**
- Queue: 5×17 (ordered → TransformerEncoder)
- Bar/Hand: unordered → SetTransformer
- Scalars: 7 dims

**Output:** 124 action logits + value in [-1,1]

## Opponent Pool

Pure self-play collapses. Mix fixes it:

| Type | Weight |
|------|--------|
| Current network | 60% |
| Past checkpoints | 20% |
| Random | 10% |
| Heuristic | 10% |

## Configuration

```yaml
# configs/default.yaml
network_config:
  hidden_dim: 256
  num_heads: 8
  num_layers: 4

learning_rate: 0.00005
games_per_iteration: 128
batch_size: 512
total_iterations: 200

opponent_pool:
  current_weight: 0.6
  checkpoint_weight: 0.2
  random_weight: 0.1
  heuristic_weight: 0.1
```

## Performance

| Mode | Speed |
|------|-------|
| Pure Python | ~2ms/game |
| Cython | ~0.01ms/game |

Commit message:

refactor: restructure UI into FastAPI modules and complete eval tasks
Refactored UI application:
- Split monolithic app.py (1,456 lines) into modular architecture
- Created core/ (config, session, rate_limiter), models/ (Pydantic schemas),
  services/ (ai, game, serializer), api/ (route handlers)
- Implemented app factory pattern with dependency injection
- All 31 endpoints preserved with identical functionality

Training improvements:
- Added MCTS availability validation before enabling opponents
- Added GPU detection to disable async workers (better throughput on GPU)
- Enhanced evaluation with checkpoint discovery and error handling
- Improved opponent pool logging to include MCTS weights

Cython migration:
- Removed Python fallback logic; Cython extension now required
- Simplified module imports and structure

Completed tasks from README:
- Evaluated iter_949.pt against all 10 opponents (500 games each)
- Updated performance table with 95% CI and ~1379 ELO estimate
- Cleaned up W&B (deleted 19 crashed runs, established naming convention)
- Fixed Hugging Face repos with updated model cards

Config updates:
- Updated pytest paths to include new /tests directory

docs/TECHNICAL.md, after:

# Technical Reference

## Environment

Python >=3.10, uv or pip. Core deps: torch, numpy, fastapi.

## Modules

### _01_simulator — Game Engine

Deterministic, immutable state. Complete Beasty Bar rules.

| File | Purpose |
|------|---------|
| `state.py` | `Card`, `State`, `initial_state()` |
| `engine.py` | `legal_actions()`, `step()`, `is_terminal()`, `score()` |
| `cards.py` | Species mechanics (12 animals) |
| `action_space.py` | 124-action catalog |
| `observations.py` | 988-dim state encoding |
| `_cython/` | Optional 200x speedup |

### _02_agents — AI Players

| Agent | Purpose |
|-------|---------|
| `random_agent.py` | Baseline |
| `heuristic.py` | Rule-based material evaluation |
| `neural/` | Transformer policy-value network |
| `mcts/` | Tree search (experimental, not used in training) |

### _03_training — PPO Training

| File | Purpose |
|------|---------|
| `trainer.py` | Training orchestrator |
| `game_generator.py` | Self-play with opponent diversity |
| `opponent_pool.py` | Mixed opponent sampling |
| `ppo.py` | Proximal Policy Optimization |
| `evaluation.py` | Win rate with confidence intervals |

## Neural Network

Transformer policy-value network (~1.3M params).

```
Input (988) → Zone Encoders → Fusion → Policy (124) + Value [-1,1]
```

**Observation (988 dims):**
- Queue: 5×17 (ordered → TransformerEncoder)
- Bar/Hand: unordered → SetTransformer
- Scalars: 7 dims

**Output:** 124 action logits + value in [-1,1]

## Opponent Pool

Pure self-play collapses. Mix fixes it:

| Type | Weight |
|------|--------|
| Current network | 55% |
| Past checkpoints | 20% |
| Random | 10% |
| Heuristic | 10% |
| MCTS | 5% |

Note: MCTS opponents are only used when `use_mcts_opponents=True` and the MCTS implementation is available.

## Configuration

```yaml
# configs/default.yaml
network_config:
  hidden_dim: 256
  num_heads: 8
  num_layers: 4

learning_rate: 0.00005
games_per_iteration: 128
batch_size: 512
total_iterations: 200

  opponent_pool:
  current_weight: 0.55
  checkpoint_weight: 0.2
  random_weight: 0.1
  heuristic_weight: 0.1
  mcts_weight: 0.05
```

## Performance

| Mode | Speed |
|------|-------|
| Pure Python | ~2ms/game |
| Cython | ~0.01ms/game |
